In this world it can be hard, not just to follow your heart, to be different, into what's right, but your hover tells us in his world.
Don't be molded by this worldly promises life in paradise.
So stand tall, give your rovers right there with you.
He won't let you fall, and pray day to climb those mountains out there, standing in your way.
Hold only for the day, but forever we'll try and offer fame.
Put a spotlight on your name, crazy route to sea.
But rather than strive to win, your hover says reach out to him, he promises life in paradise.
So stand tall, give your rovers right there with you.
He won't let you fall, and pray day to climb those mountains out there, standing in your way.
Hold only for the day, but forever we'll try and offer fame.